## Who am I?
I’m a major tech enthusuast. I took my first coding class in high school and enjoyed it quite a bit. I haven't used C++ much since, other than a couple university courses. I worked as an IT technician for a couple years and gained a taste for working with hardware. I even switched my field of study to Information Systems because I enjoyed it so much. However, when my post-university employer had a Software Engineer position open up, I jumped at the opportunity. After working as a Software Engineer on an enterprise Java application, I didn't have much desire to go back to desktop support. When my employer was bought out by a competitor they transitioned my team to learning Go and then starting a web application with a Go backend and Angular frontend. That was fun, but when an opportunity popped up that would allow me to work from home and learn new skills, I couldn't pass it up. That was a great experience learning PHP and growing my skills. I would likely still be with that employer had my family not decided to leave the U.S. In mid 2022, I accepted a position working on Matomo and immigrated to Aotearoa New Zealand. Skip to today, I still have more experience with backend technologies and have become skilled using PHP, but over the past few years, I've gotten much better with frontend development. So, I probably still feel a bit more at home working with databases, business logic, and APIs, but I've become pretty good on the frontend and enjoy working on the UI.
